tell me about yourself? (present + past formula, Achievements, why should they hire you)
Intro : Hi I'm Abhijeet, born and raised in indore.

i completed my graduation in computer application from DAVV university.
after that i went for an MCA from NIT Bhopal.

over the period of 4 years i have worked with a start-up company to solve
the problems of their clients.

i love bulding relationships with different people and helping businesses solve their problems.

ans now i am looking to take my career ahead and that's why i have applied for this opportunity

this role will further help me advance my skills and put my 4 years of experties for more challenging projects.

I have a strong work ethic, I'm a fast learner and I'm very enthusiastic about this comapany and this job.

Q. why should they hire you ?
ANS: I believe that my commitment and motivation will ensure that I quickly become a productive and valued member of your team.

Q. What are your Strengths & Weaknesses?
ANS: Strengths: My greatest strength is flexibility to handle change. As a customer service manager at my last job I was able to turn around a negative working environment and develop a supportive team.
Weaknesses: "Although I always met my deadlines, I used to have a problem with procrastination, and I'd end up working
really long days as a deadline approached. I decided
that I needed to deal with the issue, so I took classes on
project management and time management. I learned
how to organize my days and attack bigger projects in
manageable chunks. Now, I put together a plan as soon
as I get a new assignment, and I often beat my
deadlines."


Q. Do you have any questions for us? (questions after the inerview)
1. can you share more about the day-to-day responsibilities of this role.

2. if i'm hired for this role what would you want me to achieve in my first two months.

3. how would you describe the management style of the organization.

4. what are the company's goals for the upcomming year.

5. what are your concerns about my candidacy are there any qualifications that you think i'm missing

Q career gap

self-Assessment: identify the resons for gaps
skill enhancement and personal development: continuing certification
acquire certification and skills for in-demand jobs.

Sample response: During that time, I faced some personal
challenges that required my full attention.
However, I used the opportunity to refine
my problem-solving skills and time
management, which I believe are highly
relevant to this role.' I also did MICROSOFT CERTIFIED: DATA SCINTIST ASSOCIATE certification
certification courses that will help me to
contribute here from day one.

Q. WHAT ARE YOUR SALARY EXPECTATIONS?
ANS: 20 lpa
CROSS Q. Okay! You were getting 28,000 per month in your previous com any. Could you please justify how you have arrived at this number?
CROSS ANS. Over the years I have really upskilled myself.
I believe based on the market standards for this particular role. and my experience and skill set a salary range between 20L - 30L would be fair and appropriate.


1. Greet with
confidence and smile

2. How are you feeling today?
ANS. Hi I'm doing great. I'm feeling little nervous
though but I'm really excited to be here.
Thank you for asking!

3. Research about THE COMPANY?
ANS: Companv Website - "About Us" section checkout social media.

4. Make a list of your achievements & Challenges. : cerification projects

5. Challenges
	1. Meeting deadlines
	2. Conflict with coworkers
	3. Shift in employement
	4. Difficult clients
	5. Gap in employment
Ans: steps to ans: (know the )Situation , Action(that you took) and Result( or outcome it had)

	ex: What have you learned from your mistakes ?
	ANS. In my previous Job, "due to lack of coordination" between 	the team, even the simplest task could cause problems in a
	project. "I managed to create a system" which not only helped
	us to bridge the communication gap but alsowewereable to
	complete the tasks well ahead of time. "And because of 	this".......
6.Practice and Rehearse sample answers.

Frequently asked questions:
Tell me about yourself?
What are your strengths / weakness ?
What do you like to do outside of work ?
How to do you handle difficult situations ?
Do you like working alone or in a team ?
Why did you leave your previous job ?
Why should we hire you ?
What do you know about this company ?
Have you applied anywhere else ?
where do you see yourself in 5 years?
11. What are your salary expectations?
12. Describe your ability to work under pressure.
13. What is the most challenging thing about working with you?
14. Talk about your achievements.
15. How do you handle conflict?
16. What was your biggest challenge with your previous boss?
17. Why do you want to work with us?
18. Why do you think you deserve this job?
19. What motivates you?
20. Do you have any questions for us?

